# Artificial Intelligence in Chemical Engineering Process Simulation

TChem is a Software Toolkit for the Analysis of Complex Kinetic Models. FAIR Chemistry's library of machine learning methods for chemistry. Open Quantum Platform (OpenQP). MISPR is a free, open-source software for executing, managing, and storing computational materials science simulations. AToMPM is a Tool for Multi-Paradigm Modelling. NVIDIA ALCHEMI Toolkit-Ops. ASCEND is a mathematical modelling chemical process modelling system. LAMMPS is a classical molecular dynamics simulation code. COOLFluiD is a framework for building numerical solvers for multi-physics applications. Hypersonic Task-based Research (HTR) solver for the Navier-Stokes equations at hypersonic Mach numbers including finite-rate chemistry for dissociating air and multicomponent transport. OpenMCx is an extendable, tool-neutral co-simulation framework. JaamSim is a Java based discrete-event simulation environment. Maestro 2 is the next version of the Maestro Co-simulation Orchestration Engine. DWSIM is a Steady-State and Dynamic Sequential Modular Chemical Process Simulator. The Metroscope Modeling Library contains modelica modules for industrial components such as pumps, turbines, heat exchangers, to build steady-state digital twins of industrial process. Modelica Library of Chemical and Electrochemical Processes. The OMChemSim or OpenModelica Chemical Simulator is library of chemical system component models. BioChem is a package for biochemical modeling and simulation with Modelica. Open source biodiesel properties simulator. BioSTEAM is a fast and flexible package for the design, simulation, techno-economic analysis, and life cycle assessment of biorefineries. A Modelica library for the realistic modelling of industrial control system. FMUGym is an interface for reinforcement learning-based control. SAMPO is an open-source framework for adaptive manufacturing processes scheduling. GAMA is an open modeling and simulation environment

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

